Are you sleeping too?
Of course I don't want to
I want to go home now.
The farmhouse is not going, not going
Well then we'll just have to walk back
The car broke down, of course I walked back
It's 30 kilometers away from the city center.
Are you sure you can
Of course, I was a long-distance running champion in college
No, it's different now.
What's the difference?
Is there me now?
I can't bear to let you walk so much
Come on the horse
I'm a runaway horse now hey
Here we go.
What Fang Chen actually retreated completely?
YANYAN
Do you think Fang Chen really has a big background?
No matter what his background is
Even if we can't handle him
Of course someone will deal with him
But His Highness still has to sacrifice Xiao Yunyan?
Hahaha